Correct description of OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT and OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER (#2333)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

| Name                            | Description                                                      | Default                                                                                          |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_HOST | Hostname for the Jaeger agent (1)                                | "localhost"                                                                                      |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_PORT | Port for the Jaeger agent `compact` Thrift protocol              | 6831                                                                                             |

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT   | Full URL of [Thrift over HTTP][[jaeger_http]] endpoint for Jaeger traces (2) | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable --> "http://localhost:14268/api/traces"<!-- markdown-link-check-enable --> |

Reviewer: something is wrong with the hyperlink formatting here

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT   | Full URL of [Thrift over HTTP][jaeger_http] endpoint for Jaeger traces [2] | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable --> `"http://localhost:14268/api/traces"` <!-- markdown-link-check-enable --> |

Reviewer: <img width="369" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5067549/153511725-0eaec324-da39-459a-8bee-8cf1e32e7fd5.png">

| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_TIMEOUT    | Maximum time the Jaeger exporter will wait for each batch export | 10s                                                                                              |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_USER       | Username to be used for HTTP basic authentication                |                                                                                                  |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_PASSWORD   | Password to be used for HTTP basic authentication                |                                                                                                  |

[1] See [Jaeger Agent](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/deployment/#agent) documentation.

> [2] If SDK defaults to using gRPC, then OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT refers to gRPC endpoint, e.g. `http://localhost:14250`.

Reviewer: How about something more or less like

```suggestion
[2] When the exporter uses the gRPC protocol, then it refers to the gRPC endpoint. In such a case, the default value should be `http://localhost:14250`.
```

|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_HOST | Hostname for the Jaeger agent                                    | "localhost"                                                                                      |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_PORT | Port for the Jaeger agent `compact` Thrift protocol              | 6831                                                                                             |

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT   | Full URL of [Thrift over HTTP][[jaeger_http]] endpoint for Jaeger traces | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable --> "http://localhost:14268/api/traces"<!-- markdown-link-check-enable --> |

Reviewer: What if gRPC protocol is used? Can this env var be used?

Known values for `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER` are:

- `"otlp"`: [OTLP](./protocol/otlp.md)
- `"jaeger"`: export in Jaeger data model. If no additional configuration is
  provided the default protocol SHOULD be [Thrift over HTTP][jaeger_http] unless

>   SDKs have good reasons to choose [Protobuf/gRPC][jaeger_grpc] as the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SDKs have good reasons to choose [gRPC][jaeger_grpc] as the default
```
